[wind blowing]
[horse neighs]
-[MAN 1] Alright!
-[MAN 2] Dammit!
[MAN 1] Wanna go again?
[laughs]
[MAN 3] Are you cheating?
[MAN 1] What? No!
[MAN 2]
Mm, you sure about that?
[MAN 1] Oh, please.
Here, watch me do it.
[carriage rattling]
-Ahh!
-See? It's just my lucky day!
Sorry.
[MAN 4] You've gotta be
cheating.
[MAN 2] Yeah.
[MAN 1] Now, put up or shut up.
-[sigh]
-[MAN 2] Just take it.
[MAN 1] You'll get me next time
for sure.
Okay.
-[MAN 2] I can't with this guy.
-[MAN 1] 'Eyyy!
-[man 1 chuckles]
-[sigh]
What's with you?
You've been heaving sighs like
that since we left the capital.
Hmm?
Sorry 'bout that.
So, what brings you
this far up north?
With all due respect,
why do you care?
The Northern Territories
are dangerous.
And though
you're traveling solo,
you don't exactly strike me
as the adventuring type.
Mage or not,
you are still a kid, right?
Hey, sorry,
but there's no reason I need
to answer any of your questions.
Okay, what's your freakin' deal,
kid?
She's trying to be nice!
Now, Sara.
It's not like he's...
-[RUDEUS] She's just like...
-...trying to start a fight.
-He's just a little blunt.
-Yeah, I know!
But you've been worried about
him since yesterday, Suzanne!
And now he's acting like you're
harassing him or something.
Search and rescue.
My mother was a victim of the
mass-teleportation in Fittoa.
Yeah, well, whatever.
Still don't have to be so rude.
What's your plan?
The Northern Territories
are huge.
You're not gonna find her
stumbling around.
I suppose you're right.
One step at a time, I guess.
[SUZANNE]
Do you have a lead?
I could give you a quick primer
on the northlands
while we're on the road,
if you like.
Oh, yeah?
Well, if you're offering, sure.
Alright!
Now pick the wax outta
your ears and listen up, kiddo.
You may have noticed
most countries
in the northlands are poor,
but the
"Three Great Magical Nations"
all do pretty well
for themselves.
The Kingdom of Ranoa is known
for the University of Magic.
The Duchy of Neris produces
great magical implements.
And the Duchy of Basherant
specializes in arcane research.
We're actually
on our way to Basherant now.
Anyway, those three pooled
their knowledge
and formed an alliance,
and now they're the
dominant power in this region.
With me so far?
[indistinct chatter]
Hey-hey! The gang's all here.
I'm beat,
let's get going already!
I wanna take a bath.
It's freezing here.
Excuse me.
I'd like a room for a month.
Ahh, you got it.
Just a second.
I'll need your signature.
Great.
You'll be on the third floor,
far end of the hall, as for pay.
Huh? Huh? Oh!
[indistinct chatter]
I miss you.
Stop it.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF] You're not
traveling to get over Eris.
You're here to find Zenith.
[sigh]
[indistinct chatter]
I hear the pay is great,
though.
Oh, yeah?
Whoa, it's a little kid.
Must be a newbie.
Yeah, right.
Or he's just playing
make-believe.
Who's this little guy?
-What's he doing here alone?
-Looks like a pushover to me.
Excuse me,
would you mind helping me
officially disband my party?
Oh. Sure.
Sir? I, uh...
[RUDEUS]
Sorry, here.
[RECEPTIONIST]
This will only take a moment.
Oh, man, do you think?
Yeah, sounds like his
party got wiped out.
I can't imagine what that's
like, being the sole survivor.
[RUDEUS]
I'd like to take this job.
Huh?
Oh, but what about your party?
I'll do it alone.
[RECEPTIONIST]
But this is an A-ranked job!
Doing it yourself would be...
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
Quit harping
and just give me
the details already.
[SUZANNE]
What's up?
Arguing about something?
I wouldn't call it
an argument, no.
Sure, sure, didn't mean
to eavesdrop, but I did.
Your old party was wiped out,
but you need money
to look for your mom,
that's why you want to take
this job by yourself, right?
[RUDEUS]
Well.
Doesn't look to me
like you're up for it, though.
Kinda looks like
you don't even care
whether you live or die anymore.
So, that being said,
how about this:
why don't we take it on
together?
I dunno.
We don't usually go
for outside help,
but we're all
on unfamiliar turf right now,
so at least
until we get our bearings here,
couldn't hurt to team up.
No, thank you,
I'd rather work alone.
There's only so much you can do
by yourself.
The one thing you need
above all is help, kid.
And if you ask me,
best way to get it is by joining
parties and staying alive.
Tell him I'm right, you guys.
-Mm-hmm.
You agree, don'tcha, Sara?
Yeah, sure.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
So that's it.
Of course, she doesn't want
my help, she just pities me.
Now, you do look
pretty young still,
but I'll bet
you can hold your own.
What are your specialties?
[RUDEUS] I'm good at supporting
melee fighters with magic.
I usually stick to the rear.
Do you? Perfect.
We were just talking about
how our party could use
someone else on the backline.
[RUDEUS]
Okay, then. I'll go.
Great, that settles it.
So let's spend
the rest of today getting ready,
and plan to meet at
the north gate tomorrow morning.
We can work out whatever
the updated formation will be
on the road.
Sounds good.
Oh, my gosh,
are you still sulking?
You are such a big baby.
Will you shut up already?
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF] Even more
like her than I thought.
[grunts]
[yawning]
[MAN 5] Okay, let's go.
[MAN 6] Yeah!
[MAN 5] This job should be
a pretty good payday.
[MAN 6]
Yeah?
Then let's get it over
with and have a drink.
[MAN 5]
Haven't you had enough yet?
[MAN 6] Just got my hands on
some Asuran wine.
[MAN 5] Congratulations.
Now focus on the job.
[MAN 6] Please, I've got this!
I could take on the
Seven Great Powers right now!
Check this out! Boom! Flex!
[SUZANNE]
Hey, you're early!
You didn't seem too excited
yesterday, so I wondered.
I just happened
to wake up early.
Uh-huh.
My name's Rudeus Greyrat,
I'm a mage.
And I can cast spells
without incantations.
Rudeus.
Good to have you.
My name's Suzanne.
I'm one of our
frontline fighters,
and Counter Arrow's illustrious
sub-leader.
[RUDEUS]
Sub-leader?
You're not the one in charge?
Nah, I keep everyone
on the same page,
but I don't give the orders.
Right, that would be me.
I'm Timothy,
long-range magic attacker,
and despite
all outward appearances,
-the actual party leader.
-Nice to meet you.
I'm Mimir.
I'm the party's main healer.
The name's Patrice.
I fight up front with Suzanne,
obviously.
Go on, your turn.
Ugh, my name's Sara,
I'm a mid-range archer.
And just so we're clear,
I don't want you here at all,
and I never did, okay?
I'm only putting up with you
because it was
Suzanne's decision.
So if you screw up
and get someone killed,
I'll make you regret it!
Okay.
-Give it a rest, Sara.
-But...
Look, someday
we might go our separate ways,
and you might have to join
a new party full of strangers.
[gasp]
Wait, what?
-Are we gonna disband?
-[SUZANNE] It's a possibility.
You could afford to be picky
about your teammates
back in Asura,
but that's not gonna fly
from here on out.
So you'd better learn to work
with people other than us.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
Oh, so it wasn't just pity.
I'm also a teachable moment.
[TIMOTHY] We're going to wait
for the sun to set
before going after
these luster grizzlies.
Sound good?
Oh, because they don't see too
well in the dark, is that why?
Oh!
Exactly.
And since you brought it up,
let's review our strategy.
First,
as soon as we spot the enemy.
Rudeus will stall
on the outskirts.
And Timothy will...
Thin the herd with magical
attacks while they charge.
Patrice and I
will handle the ones
that manage
to close the distance,
work out the rhythm
in the moment.
And Sara will...
Back you up.
And if one of us gets hurt
fighting up close, then?
I'll be right there to heal you.
Simple and clean.
You got all that, Rudeus?
Yeah, but...
What is it?
I don't think
I'll have much to do.
Should I shift to mid-range
support once you two engage?
No, you don't have any idea
how the fighters move yet!
Then, after I delay them,
I could help Timothy
thin their numbers.
[SARAH] Everyone knows
you need to conserve mana
in a drawn-out fight!
Stick to stalling them!
That's all we need from you!
[RUDEUS]
Uh, okay.
But if needed,
I could join in at close range.
Do you want me to shoot you
in the back?
You're not actually a member
of this party, you know,
so shut up
and do as you're told.
Right.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
She really is just like her.
Sara,
don't make things uncomfortable
right before we get to work.
Sorry.
[sigh]
Sorry about that.
What?
Sara's attitude.
She's not a bad kid, but she's
getting a bit full of herself.
The last silent caster I knew
was a teacher
back in my school days.
You must be quite a mage
to pull off that technique.
For all the good it's done me.
Not like that skill
is gonna bring my family back.
What've we got, Sara?
About twenty, all sleeping.
Do you think
we can take them out?
[scoff]
Well, yeah, duh. Don't you?
Good. Let's get started then.
Let the great protection
of fire converge
where thou seekest.
O raging inferno,
deliver us a blazing bounty.
Exa-Flame!
[explodes]
Let the great protection of fire
converge where thou seekest.
O raging inferno,
deliver us a blazing bounty.
Exa-Flame!
[explodes]
Let the great protection of fire
converge where thou seekest.
Wow, piece of cake.
At this rate,
we won't need to get up
close and personal at all.
[yawns]
[explodes]
Let the great protection of fire
converge where thou seekest.
O raging inferno,
deliver us a blazing bounty.
Exa-Flame!
[explodes]
Let the great protection of fire
converge where thou seekest.
O raging inferno,
deliver us a blazing bounty.
Exa-Flame!
[explodes]
What the!
Are those black grizzlys?
It's mud.
They're covered in mud.
Hey, Timothy!
Retreat! Retreat!
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
Too late. We're dead.
Unless.
No.
Forget it. I'm sick of this.
I've already lost everything,
anyway.
I can keep 'em busy!
You guys run, right now!
No! I'll stay, too!
You won't even slow them down!
Damn! We're surrounded!
They're too much for one person.
If you stay, we all stay.
He's right. Let's do it, then!
[roaring]
[grunting]
[creaking]
-Ahh!
-Suzanne!
Let this divine power
be rich and nourishing,
offering those whose strength
has been lost the strength
to rise again.
Healing!
♪
[grunts]
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF] They're
staring death in the face,
but they won't run, why?
Why is my heart is pounding
so hard?
Why am I breathing so heavily?
And,
why do I find this so exciting?
[grunts]
Right. Of course.
I remember now.
There's a reason
people stand their ground.
I can't believe
I ever forgot it.
[gasps]
[roaring]
What are you doing?
Leave this to me.
I'll be okay.
[roars]
♪
[screams]
[explodes]
[squelching]
[grunts]
[Rudeus sighs]
[SUZANNE]
Guess we owe you one.
If it hadn't been
for your help, we'd all be dead.
I'm just glad
you agreed to bring me along.
Thank you, very much.
Okay, let's go home.
Yeah.
Thanks for the save.
I do owe you one.
[indistinct chatter]
[door squeaks open]
Great. It's the outsiders.
[MAN 7]
Bet they think they're hot shit.
That was barely even a real job.
[MAN 8] Ch'yeah.
I wish they'd get lost already.
My party and I
are celebrating our first
successful job here tonight.
So next round's on us,
everybody!
[indistinct chatter]
Listen up, you guys!
We may be new here,
but you better remember
our names, alright?
We are Counter Arrow.
And Rudeus.
[cheering]
Rudeus.
Rudeus. Rudeus. Rudeus.
[laughing]
Ow, my neck.
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
I'd completely forgotten.
To get serious about living.
What the hell is wrong with me?
[crying]
Of course, you haven't
"lost everything," you moron!
[crying]
[RUDEUS FORMER SELF]
Remember when you first came
into this world.
Remember Roxy.
Remember the day
she took you outside.
She taught you so much.
You can't betray
those lessons now.
I haven't lost everything.
Not by a long shot.
Sure, I lost something
that I cared about very much,
but that doesn't mean I have
nothing left to live for.
I have all of them.
I can't fall to pieces.
We may be far apart,
but I'm not alone.
And things still suck.
But I've got to remember:
I've had it way worse.
I'll keep moving forward, and
I'll do what needs to be done.
[RUDEUS]
Master, please guide me.